RATECUT
Scope:
 These rules shall apply to this contract.
Underlying:
 The Underlying for this Contract is press releases of the Federal Reserve
 
between Issuance and <date>. Revisions to the Underlying made after Expiration will not be
 
accounted for in determining the Expiration Value.
Instructions: 
Press releases of the Federal Reserve following meetings of the Federal Open
 
Market Committee (FOMC) can be found 
here
.
 The last time the FOMC cut rates was in March
 
2020, when it stated that, “the Committee decided to lower the target range for the federal
 
funds rate to 0 to 1/4 percent.” These instructions on how to access the Underlying are
 
provided for convenience only and are not part of the binding Terms and Conditions of the
 
Contract. They may be clarified at any time. 
Source Agency:
 The Source Agency is the Federal Reserve Board.
Type:
 The type of Contract is an Event Contract.
Issuance:
 This contract will be issued annually. 
<date>
: <date> refers to a calendar date specified by Kalshi. Kalshi may list iterations of the
 
Contract corresponding to variations of <date>.
Payout Criterion:
 The Payout Criterion for the Contract encompasses the Expiration Values
 
that the Federal Open Market Committee has announced it will reduce the target range for the
 
federal funds rate. 
Minimum Tick:
 The Minimum Tick size for the referred Contract shall be $0.001.
Position Limit:
 The Position Limit for the $1 referred Contract shall be $7,000,000 per
 
Member.
Last Trading Date:
 The Last Trading Date of the Contract will be the sooner of the date of
 
the first 10:00 AM ET following the occurrence of an event encompassed in the Payout
 
Criterion (whereupon the Last Trading Time will be 10:00 AM ET) or <date> (whereupon the
 
Last Trading Time will be 11:59 PM ET).
Settlement Date:
 The Settlement Date of the Contract shall be no later than the day after
 
the Expiration Date, unless the Market Outcome is under review pursuant to Rule 7.1.
Expiration Date:
 The Expiration Date of the Contract shall be the sooner of the date of the
 
first 10:00 AM ET following the occurrence of an event that is encompassed in the Payout
 
Criterion or the first 10:00 AM following <date>. 
Expiration time:
 The Expiration time of the Contract shall be 10:00 AM ET.
Settlement Value:
 The Settlement Value for this Contract is $1.00.
Expiration Value:
 The Expiration Value is the value of the Underlying as documented by the
 
Source Agency on the Expiration Date at the Expiration time. 
Contingencies:
 Before Settlement, Kalshi may, at its sole discretion, initiate the Market
 
Outcome Review Process pursuant to Rule 6.3(c) of the Rulebook. Additionally, as outlined in
 
Rule 7.2 of the Rulebook, if any event or any circumstance which may have a material impact
 
on the reliability or transparency of a Contract’s Source Agency or the Underlying related to
 
the Contract arises, Kalshi retains the authority to designate a new Source Agency and
 
Underlying for that Contract and to change any associated Contract specifications after the
 
first day of trading.