GTA6
Scope:
	These	rules	shall	apply	to	this	contract.
Underlying:
	The	Underlying	for	this	Contract	is	releases	from	Rockstar	Games	regarding	the
	
next	Grand	Theft	Auto	installment	(referred	to	in	a	November	8,	2023	press	release).
	Revisions
	
to	the	Underlying	made	after	Expiration	will	not	be	accounted	for	in	determining	the	Expiration
	
Value.
Source	Agency:
	The	Source	Agency	is	Rockstar	Games.
Type:
	The	type	of	Contract	is	an	Event	Contract.
Issuance:
	The	Contract	will	be	issued	once.
	
<date>
:	<date>	refers	to	a	calendar	date	specified	by	Kalshi.	Kalshi	may	list	iterations	of	the
	
Contract	corresponding	to	different	statistical	periods	of	<date>.
Payout	Criterion:
	The	Payout	Criterion	for	the	Contract	encompasses	the	Expiration	Values	that
	
it	is	released	by	<date>.	The	release	date	used	will	be	the	release	date	in	the	United	States	for
	
the	first	date	of	the	release	dates	for	the	PS5,	the	Xbox	Series	X/S,	or	Windows	(any	platform’s
	
release,	e.g.	Steam,	would	be	encompassed	within	the	Payout	Criterion).	If	the	announced
	
release	date	has	passed	without	any	indication	of	a	delay,	the	market	will	resolve	to	Yes.	It	must
	
be	the	full	release	of	the	game,	not	an	Alpha	or	Beta	release.
Minimum	Tick:
	The	Minimum	Tick	size	for	the	referred	Contract	shall	be	0.01.
Position	Accountability	Level:
	The	Position	Accountability	Level	for	the	$1	referred	Contract
	
shall	be	25,000	contracts	per	Member.
Last	Trading	Date:
	The	Last	Trading	Date	of	the	Contract	will	be	the	sooner	of	the	first	10:00
	
AM	ET	following	the	release	date	as	described	in	the	Payout	Criterion	(whereupon	the	Last
	
Trading	Time	will	be	11:59	PM	ET)	or	<date>	(whereupon	the	Last	Trading	Time	will	be	11:59
	
PM	ET).
Settlement	Date:
	The	Settlement	Date	of	the	Contract	shall	be	no	later	than	the	day	after	the
	
Expiration	Date,	unless	the	Market	Outcome	is	under	review	pursuant	to	Rule	7.1.
Expiration	Date:
	The	Expiration	Date	of	the	Contract	shall	be	the	sooner	of	the	date	of	the	first
	
10:00	AM	ET	following	the	release	date	as	described	in	the	Payout	Criterion	or	<date>.
Expiration	time:
	The	Expiration	time	of	the	Contract	shall	be	10:00	AM	ET.
Settlement	Value:
	The	Settlement	Value	for	this	Contract	is	$1.00.
Expiration	Value:
	The	Expiration	Value	is	the	value	of	the	Underlying	as	documented	by	the
	
Source	Agency	on	the	Expiration	Date	at	the	Expiration	time.	
Contingencies:
	Before	Settlement,	Kalshi	may,	at	its	sole	discretion,	initiate	the	Market
	
Outcome	Review	Process	pursuant	to	Rule	6.3(c)	of	the	Rulebook.